# QQHsm-Switch-Dart
Sample of GUI app uses the HSM description as an external resource.

## Introduction
The project demonstrates the use of the approach proposed in https://github.com/mk590901/QQHsm-Dart in a regular GUI application.

## App description
The application simulates the operation of a __switch__. It is controlled by two events: __TURN__ and __RESET__. Event __TURN__ switches the scheme from the __ON__ to __OFF__ state and back, and event __RESET__ resets the state machine to the __OFF__ state regardless of what state the state machine was in before.

## Implementation
The main frame of the application consists of three elements: a switch and two buttons, __Reset__ and __Turn__. Pressing the Turn button starts an infinite cycle of switching __on__ and __off__, and __Reset__ stops it.

## App structure
* Framework is in folders QQBridge, QQContextObject, QQHsm and QQMediator
* Description of state machine in json format __sw1_engine.json__ is placed in the assets folder. This is done to simplify access to the file. Nothing prevents you from placing it in public folders Documents, Downloads, etc...
* File __sw1_wrapper.dart__ is in folder __scheme__
* GUI main frame locates in main.dart

## Inside App
The state machine is built and initialized when loading the application from the __sw1_engine.json__ file, and events are sent to it when pressing buttons via the __Sw1Wrapper__ class. Both files are generated by the editor compiler. Naturally, the __sw1_wrapper.dart__ file is modified for integration with the GUI.

## Movie

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1f637881-c100-41c4-925f-087fdb3c875a


